I've paid my dues
Time after time.
I've done my sentence
But committed no crime.
And bad mistakes
I've made a few.
I've had my share of sand kicked in my face
But I've come through.
(And I need just go on and on, and on, and on)
We are the champions, my friends,
And we'll keep on fighting 'til the end.
We are the champions.
No time for losers
'Cause we are the champions of the world.
I've taken my bows
And my curtain calls.
You brought me fame and fortune,
and everything that goes with it.
I thank you all.
But it's been no bed of roses,
No ******** cruise.
I consider it a challenge
before the whole human race,
And I ain't gonna lose.
(And I need just go on and on, and on, and on)
We are the champions, my friends,
And we'll keep on fighting 'til the end.
We are the champions.
No time for losers
'Cause we are the champions of the world.
We are the champions, my friends,
And we'll keep on fighting 'til the end.
We are the champions.
No time for losers
'Cause we are the champions.